Update documentation (#277)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: README.md

Sample usage:

``` 
java -jar gtfs-validator-v1.1.0.jar -i relative_path_to_zipped_dataset -o relative_output_path -e relative_extraction_path.zip -x agency.txt,routes.txt
```

...which will:

>  1. Search for a zipped GTFS dataset located at `relativr_path_to_zipped_dataset` and name it `relative_extraction_path.zip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Search for a zipped GTFS dataset located at `relative_path_to_zipped_dataset`
```

>  1. Extract the `relative_extraction_path.zip` contents to the directory located at `relative_extraction_path`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Extract the zip content to a directory located at `relative_extraction_path`
```

 1. Validate the GTFS data and output the results to the directory located at `relative_output_path`. Validation results are exported to JSON by default. The validation process will not be executed on the enumeration of files provided via option `-x` and the files that rely on them.

> 

Reviewer: Add 1 or more examples detailing what folders would be created and their content as well as how the `-x` option works
